thought he was going to do it
to
to me
this is what I could say I love you
I love you
today because you get faster he's cared
for you over 28 years in such a special
way
that's why
that's why my heart is filled
with prayer
now praise him right now
ma
oh that's why
my heart is with
that's alright go ahead please go ahead
and place it
that's what tonight is for this for you
to get your release that's why
this hardest
with even when they talked about me
that's why
by the smell
with what even when they scandalize your
name
and they say that you wouldn't make it
they said that Simmons was not going
committed but that's wha
my heart is filled with grace Kevin J
Joe they try to turn off the dips each
other John your triplet they try to make
us turn against each other but that's
why
ah
with prey
I got so much to thank him for I know we
on a time schedule but when I think of
the goodness of Jesus and all is done
for me my soul cries out that's why
my heart
with so much brain
that's why my heart is filled with
praise now if your heart is filled with
praise bless him
oh this pick up in here Oh bless your
name Oh God
bless your name Savior Oh
trying to move on we only got two to two
songs left unto you o
VOP I want you to think about where you
were about seven months ago
think about where God had you at seven
months ago and look at where you are
right now these are all witnesses up
here that God can deliver you that God
can heal you see listen you see the
outer core but you don't really see
what's going on on the inside
misty a lot of times I remember I
remember when